Updated Building with IntelliJ guide. (#62)
runelite/wiki: Building-with-IntelliJ-IDEA.md

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Importing the project](#importing-the-project)
  - [Installing Lombok](#installing-lombok)
  - [Configuring the project](#configuring-the-project)
  - [Building the project](#building-the-project)
  - [Running the project](#running-the-project)
  - [Conclusion](#conclusion)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  - [Missing git](#missing-git)
  - [Tests are failing](#tests-are-failing)

>   - [Client failing to start / General troubleshooting](#client-failing-to-start--general-troubleshooting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Client failing to start](#client-failing-to-start)
```
Was removed by ron so should also be done here

## Importing the project

You will now need to clone RuneLite repository from git. After launching IntelliJ IDEA for first time, you will see IntelliJ welcome window. click on `Get from VCS`.

![get_from_vcs.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fget_from_vcs.png)

> If you're presented with the editor instead of the welcome screen, click on on  `File > New > Project from Version Control…`

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason why this is a better instruction then telling them to close their old project? They'll end up either having to close it later or have 2 projects open.

If anything a normal user following this build guide would not have this issue, unless they previously ran some project and forgot about it, which instructions to tell them to close from the beginning, seem cleaner.

Reviewer 2: The extra step is not avoided with this approach tho, you are still prompted later-on whether or not you'd like to load your new project in the same window or a new one

Author: Letting the user choose whether they want to open the project in a new window or not should be their own decision and not necessary to the instructions.

Reviewer 2: If you _want_ to have multiple windows open, you already have some form of familiarity with IntelliJ and don't need to read these instructions. It seems much easier to a new user to be given direct instructions to close the existing project, so they don't have a random prompt sprung on them later, that isn't mentioned.

![new_project_from_vcs.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fnew_project_from_vcs.png)

After clicking on that you will be greeted with prompt. You can either enter the RuneLite repository `https://github.com/runelite/runelite` or your own GitHub fork, if you've created one.
You can also specify a directory where you'd like to save RuneLite and press `Clone`.

![clone_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fclone_runelite.png)

After cloning is done you will be presented with a `Trust and open Project ’runelite’?`

Press `Trust Project`.

**Runelite is now cloned**.

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Reviewer 2: You are definitely doing something wrong, having a user point to a tag only causes merge issues for both us and the user, when they are possibly making changes to code that has already been changed in a commit that has been merged on master, which does not exist in the current tag.

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Author: If I'm missing a step in the instructions then please let me know what else do I need to add in order to be able to build master. And we can add it to the instructions

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Reviewer 2: The current instructions already work to build master, I'm not sure what you are doing wrong

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Author: I suppose having a note telling the user that if they wish to contribute they need to use the master branch, but to quickly test if everything else is working we provide instructions on how to use one of the parent branches. How about that?

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Reviewer 2: No, this whole section is still wrong, as I said I don't know what you are doing wrong, but the current instructions are not it.

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Author: I'm only doing the steps that I provided in this updated guide. No secret steps

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Author: The original guide was not detailed enough, I've had issues and so have other users.
Building fails without checking out to a stable branch, so unless you are willing to provide an additional step to fix it I will assume this is fine.

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Reviewer 3: The section about checking out the tag needs to be removed. Checking out master/main to contribute is standard operating procedure on open source projects.

> We also need to check out to a stable RuneLite version. to do that we first need to get the latest stable tag from https://github.com/runelite/runelite/tags.

Author: > Building on master will ~always work. Building a point release branch will not. If you can't build the client normally, you probably shouldn't be rewriting the guide on how to do so.

Does that mean almost always? If that's the case sound like my issue can become quite common. The current guide is not helpful enough. Feel free to write a better one. That's what I did after I managed to figure out how to set everything up to a working state every time.
With today's update on 1.10.24 I was able to build on master branch, for the first time Ever. There has always been some errors, I presumed this is normal as master could be the main working branch and breaking changes could get added.

I will add a clause to try building on a stable tag to ensure everything else is setup correctly and rule out any other issues, in the case someone else has troubles getting it up and running.

At the moment of writing this is ```runelite-parent-1.10.23.2```

![check_runelite_branch.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fcheck_runelite_branch.png)

Click on the branch manager at the top left corner and then click on `Checkout Tag or Revision...`.

![checkout_tag.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fcheckout_tag.png)

Enter the tag name and press `OK`

![enter_tag_name.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fenter_tag_name.png)

> **NOTE**: If you plan to make a Pull Request, you must fork the RuneLite repository, and clone from your fork.

Reviewer 2: this note should stay in it's spot

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

If you are having any issues with this step see  the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

## Conclusion

Success! You can switch between running the client and building the Maven project by switching between the ``RuneLite`` configuration and your custom Maven configuration (e.g. ``runelite-parent [install]``):

![select_run_config](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fselect-run-config.png)

# Troubleshooting

## Missing git

If you are getting error about `git.exe` (or `git` on linux and mac) missing, you will need to first download and install Git for your OS. Git is version control software and implementation that RuneLite uses to store and track history of it's source code. To download git, just [go here and select your OS version](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

## Tests are failing

If you've followed all instructions correctly, try deleting the `%TEMP%/cache-165` folder or skipping the tests by running a custom run configuration as outlined in [Building the project](#building-the-project).

> ## Client failing to start / General troubleshooting

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Client failing to start
```

This already exists as the header section

If the client fails to boot or if the applet does not appear, try running the Maven build again with the following command:  
`clean install -DskipTests -U`
![mvn-clean-install](https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/41973452/246999260-b33934e5-0969-4455-a5ee-adceeaf55f86.png)

> If that also doesn't work, feel free to ask for help in the  [Runelite Discord](https://discord.gg/runelite) server. Here are few helpful tips:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If that also doesn't work, feel free to ask for help in the  [Runelite Discord](https://runelite.net/discord) server. Here are few helpful tips:
```

![successful_build.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fsuccessful_build.png)

It is highly recommended to create custom ``Run Configurations``. In the Maven window, right-click on ``RuneLite`` > ``Lifecycle`` > ``install``, and select ``Modify Run Configuration...``

![modify-run-configuration](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fmodify-run-configuration.png)

Here you can choose a name, such as ``runelite-parent [install] skip tests``, and add a Maven command. For faster builds, try ``install -DskipTests``. This will skip the tests (and test failures).

![install_skip_tests](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Finstall-skip-tests.png)

Press ``OK``. You can now easily run your run configurations in the Maven window by right-clicking ``RuneLite`` (parent) > ``Run Configurations`` > ``runelite-parent [install] skip tests`` and selecting ``Run``.  
Alternatively, you can select your run configuration in the dropdown box at the top and hit the ``Run`` button.

![custom_configuration_top](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fcustom-configuration-top.png)

Other useful run configurations include:  

> ``clean install -DskipTests -U``  which is your first troubleshooting step that you should run multiple times in case of a build failures  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``clean install -DskipTests -U`` which is your first troubleshooting step that you should run multiple times in case of a build failures  
```

``-Dcheckstyle.skip=false checkstyle:check`` to only run checkstyle without building the client  
``surefire:test`` to only run the tests without building the client  

We now need to tell IntelliJ to pick up changes based on Maven build (it should do that automatically, but sometimes it doesn't). Click on `Generate Sources and Update folders for all projects` in the Maven window.

![generate_sources.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fgenerate_sources.png)

## Running the project

Now locate `Project` in the sidebar, and in the project view expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 
And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `Run ‘RuneLite.main()’`

![run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_runelite.png)

If you receive a notification regarding Lombok's annotation processing, press ``Enable annotation processing``:

![lombok_annotation_processing](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Flombok-annotation-processing.png)

> After enabling annotation processing you will need to rebuild Maven as mentioned in [Building the project](#building-the-project), and then run `Runelite.main()` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not really true. Enabling annotation processing and having to rebuild are unrelated. Sometimes maven likes to be maven and you have to just more maven it up. It doesn't always happen, but sometimes it does.
This addition can be removed since it's already covered in multiple parts:
- Two lines below, it notes that you should refer to the troubleshooting section in case you got any problems. The troubleshooting steps have the ``Client failing to start`` note
- We mention clean install -DskipTests -U in the custom run configuration part already

I'm fine with clarifying it in the troubleshooting section as gamma mentioned

Reviewer 2: suggestion applied here: 329a1273f9555758211c5fa79f9a52bd90d91b00

clarification hasn't been done

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

> If you are having any issues with this step see  the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having any issues with this step see the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.
```

## Conclusion

Success! You can switch between running the client and building the Maven project by switching between the ``RuneLite`` configuration and your custom Maven configuration (e.g. ``runelite-parent [install]``):

![select_run_config](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fselect-run-config.png)

### WARNING: An illegal reflective access operation has occurred <!-- omit in toc -->

> You can ignore this.

Reviewer: Please put this at the bottom of the troubleshooting section.

### Hot reloading
Check out [JetBrains's official documentation on hot reloading](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/altering-the-program-s-execution-flow.html#reload_classes).

# Troubleshooting

## Missing git

If you are getting error about `git.exe` (or `git` on linux and mac) missing, you will need to first download and install Git for your OS. Git is version control software and implementation that RuneLite uses to store and track history of it's source code. To download git, just [go here and select your OS version](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

## Tests are failing

If you've followed all instructions correctly, try deleting the `%TEMP%/cache-165` folder or skipping the tests by running a custom run configuration as outlined in [Building the project](#building-the-project).

## Client failing to start

If the client fails to boot or if the applet does not appear, try running the Maven build again with the following command:  
`clean install -DskipTests -U`
![mvn-clean-install](https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/41973452/246999260-b33934e5-0969-4455-a5ee-adceeaf55f86.png)

> If that also doesn't work, feel free to ask for help in the  [Runelite Discord](https://runelite.net/discord) server. Here are few helpful tips:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that also doesn't work, feel free to ask for help in the [Runelite Discord](https://runelite.net/discord) server. Here are few helpful tips:
```

## Running the project

Now locate `Project` in the sidebar, and in the project view expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 
And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `Run 'RuneLite.main()'`

![run_runelite.png](img/building-with-intellij/run_runelite.png)

If you receive a notification regarding Lombok's annotation processing, press ``Enable annotation processing``:

![lombok_annotation_processing](img/building-with-intellij/lombok_annotation_processing.png)

In case of errors regarding missing classes, click the ``Reload All Maven Projects`` in the Maven tab.

![reload_maven_projects](img/building-with-intellij/reload_maven_projects.png)

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

If you are having any issues with this step see the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

## Conclusion

Success! You can switch between running the client and building the Maven project by switching between the ``RuneLite`` configuration and your custom Maven configuration (e.g. ``runelite-parent [install]``):

![select_run_config](img/building-with-intellij/select_run_config.png)

> ### WARNING: An illegal reflective access operation has occurred <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer 4: This is in somewhat of a weird spot. Visually it just reads strangely for the section above to be congratulatory, but this to show up sort of out of nowhere. I'd expect this to be a `<h2>` (not omitted from toc) under the troubleshooting section.

You can ignore this.

### Hot reloading

> Check out [JetBrains's official documentation on hot reloading](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/altering-the-program-s-execution-flow.html#reload_classes).

Reviewer 4: A bit more context might help this read more smoothly.
```suggestion
To help enable a faster edit-run-test development loop, check out [JetBrains's official documentation on hot reloading](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/altering-the-program-s-execution-flow.html#reload_classes).
```

## Importing the project

After launching IntelliJ IDEA for first time, you will see the IntelliJ welcome window. You will now need to clone RuneLite repository from git, to do this you can click the `Get from VSC` button.

> ![get_from_vcs.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fget_from_vcs.png)

Reviewer: Could you replace all the ``%2F`` with slashes everywhere as mentioned here?
So this should be ``![get_from_vcs.png](img/building-with-intellij/get_from_vcs.png)`` instead of ``![get_from_vcs.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fget_from_vcs.png)``

## Importing the project

> You will now need to clone RuneLite repository from git. You can do so in IntelliJ IDEA. After the you open the IDE for first time, you will see the IntelliJ welcome window. click on `Get from VCS`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After launching IntelliJ IDEA for first time, you will see the IntelliJ welcome window. You will now need to clone RuneLite repository from git, to do this you can click the `Get from VSC` button.
```

![get_from_vcs.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fget_from_vcs.png)

> If you're presented with the editor instead of the welcome screen, click on on  `File > New > Project from Version Control…`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're presented with the editor instead of the welcome screen, click `File > New > Project from Version Control…`.
```

![new_project_from_vcs.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fnew_project_from_vcs.png)

After clicking on that you will be greeted with prompt. You can either enter the RuneLite repository `https://github.com/runelite/runelite` or your own GitHub fork, if you've created one.

**NOTE**: If you plan to make a Pull Request, you must fork the RuneLite repository, and clone from your fork.

You can also specify a directory where you'd like to save RuneLite and press `Clone`.

![clone_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fclone_runelite.png)

> After cloning is done you will be presented with a `Trust and open Project ’runelite’?`

Reviewer 2: actually, is this the case where the trust project button is in anyway related to the actual cloning? It isn't when you have already cloned the repo, you still receive this prompt

> After cloning is done you will be presented with a `Trust and open Project ’runelite’?`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After cloning is done you will be presented with a `Trust and open Project ’runelite’?` popup. Click `Trust Project`.
```

This is because you do not have the [Lombok Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/6317-lombok-plugin) installed.

Navigate to the `Plugins` tab under the `File > Settings` menu (`IntelliJ IDEA > Preferences` for Mac). Click the `Marketplace` button and search for **Lombok** to find it. Install the plugin and restart IntelliJ IDEA.

![installing_lombok.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Finstalling_lombok.png)

Success! You should no longer be getting ``Cannot resolve symbol`` or ``Cannot resolve method`` errors.

## Configuring the project

We need to make sure that the correct SDK is selected for RuneLite. To do that go to `File > Project Structure…`

![project_structure.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fproject_structure.png)

> Go to `Project Structure > Project Settings > Project` and select Java 11 as the SDK. Then press Ok to close the window.

Reviewer: Apologies, I had included the incorrect image here in the second link. I see that you've caught it (thanks!) but considering I'd already made an image that was consistent with the clone image (user = Username), do you mind using this one?
![download_jdk_version](https://github.com/runelite/wiki/assets/7929021/e349c58c-d90e-49b1-a426-b1f8070d14aa)

## Building the project 

RuneLite is using [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) as build tool. It is used for dependency management, resource generation, running tests and any other tooling needed to properly build, run and deploy RuneLite.

So, to actually run RuneLite, we first need to invoke Maven.

Locate *Maven* on right-side of the screen. Press on `Reload All Maven Projects`.

![reload_maven.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Freload_maven.png)

Click on `Runelite > Lifecycle` and right click `install` and press `Run Maven Build`:

![run_maven_build.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_maven_build.png)

At this point, it should start the build, which might take a while. Once the process is done, you should see a message to let you know that the build was successful:

![successful_build.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fsuccessful_build.png)

We now need to tell IntelliJ to pick up changes based on Maven build (it should do that automatically, but sometimes it doesn't). `Generate Sources and Update folders for all projects`

![generate_sources.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fgenerate_sources.png)

## Running the project

> Now locate `Project` in sidebar and click that open project view, and expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now locate `Project` in the sidebar, and in the project view expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 
```

> And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `run ‘RuneLite.main()’`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `Run ‘RuneLite.main()’`
```

![run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_runelite.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a notification regarding Lombok's annotation processing, press ``Enable annotation processing``.

![lombok_annotation_processing](https://github.com/runelite/wiki/assets/7929021/95cb4c22-59b6-48d0-8ca6-28f56553f01b)

```

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

> If you are having any issues with this step see [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having any issues with this step see  the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.
```

## Conclusion

> Success! You can now rebuild RuneLite by pressing the green play button near the top right corner of IntelliJ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Success! You can switch between running the client and building the Maven project by switching between the ``RuneLite`` configuration and your custom Maven configuration (e.g. ``runelite-parent [install]``):
```

> ![quick_run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fquick_run_runelite.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![select_run_config](https://github.com/runelite/wiki/assets/7929021/821fc616-3e5b-4bf7-954c-3aa5ca5c8b79)
```

# Troubleshooting

## Missing git

If you are getting error about `git.exe` (or `git` on linux and mac) missing, you will need to first download and install Git for your OS. Git is version control software and implementation that RuneLite uses to store and track history of it's source code. To download git, just [go here and select your OS version](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

## RuneLite fails to build

If you've followed all instructions correctly, try deleting the `%TEMP%/cache-165` folder or [Skipping tests](#optional-skipping-tests)

> ## Client failing to start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Client failing to start / General troubleshooting
```

![generate_sources.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fgenerate_sources.png)

## Running the project

Now locate `Project` in sidebar and click that open project view, and expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 
And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `run ‘RuneLite.main()’`

![run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_runelite.png)

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

If you are having any issues with this step see [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

## Conclusion

Success! You can now rebuild RuneLite by pressing the green play button near the top right corner of IntelliJ.

![quick_run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fquick_run_runelite.png)

# Troubleshooting

## Missing git

If you are getting error about `git.exe` (or `git` on linux and mac) missing, you will need to first download and install Git for your OS. Git is version control software and implementation that RuneLite uses to store and track history of it's source code. To download git, just [go here and select your OS version](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

## RuneLite fails to build

>  Make sure that you don't have any changes in the code and make sure to pull the lastest changes from master. Try restarting the editor. At this point, if you've followed all instructions and [Skipping tests](#optional-skipping-tests) doesn't work, ask for help in the [Runelite Discord](https://discord.gg/runelite)

Reviewer 2: putting this above other troubleshooting entries feels like it defeats the purpose of those troubleshooting entries

![generate_sources.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fgenerate_sources.png)

## Running the project

Now locate `Project` in sidebar and click that open project view, and expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 
And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `run ‘RuneLite.main()’`

![run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_runelite.png)

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

If you are having any issues with this step see [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

## Conclusion

Success! You can now rebuild RuneLite by pressing the green play button near the top right corner of IntelliJ.

![quick_run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fquick_run_runelite.png)

# Troubleshooting

## Missing git

If you are getting error about `git.exe` (or `git` on linux and mac) missing, you will need to first download and install Git for your OS. Git is version control software and implementation that RuneLite uses to store and track history of it's source code. To download git, just [go here and select your OS version](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

> ## Building on master branch fails

Reviewer 2: I've told you four times now that the existing instructions for this work. You just started trying random things instead of asking for help with your error, and now you want to add these random things to the build guide.

Author: And I have told you countless times that it's not detailed enough. I have tried following the existing instructions multiple times, and never got it to work. And I'm not the only one who had this issue.  It took a long while watching random videos on youtube and testing things out to get it working.

Reviewer 2: > You just started trying random things instead of asking for help with your error, and now you want to add these random things to the build guide.

Reviewer 2: If you had asked for help, there's a section of the troubleshooting section I would have pointed you to, that I'm almost certain would have fixed your errors

Reviewer 3: To reiterate previous conversations from discord, your setup was/is *wrong* and rewriting the guides so it works for your scenario isn't correct. Anything mentioning tags should be removed. 

We are mostly interested in **updated** screenshots/build steps that might have changed between intellij version updates. Ala VM options, maven icons, etc.

Reviewer 2: > And doing this additional step fixed my issue. I don't see what's your problem with this?

My problem is you are trying to incorrectly instruct future users on how to resolve this issue, and teaching them an incorrect standard for opensource contributions, due to the fact that you didn't want to use the troubleshooting section or ask for help, to resolve your build errors.

Author: > > And doing this additional step fixed my issue. I don't see what's your problem with this?
> 
> My problem is you are trying to incorrectly instruct future users on how to resolve this issue, and teaching them an incorrect standard for opensource contributions, due to the fact that you didn't want to use the troubleshooting section or ask for help, to resolve your build errors.

The guide I made was working with the checkout step. didn't work without it. Everything else seems to be similar in terms to the current guide?

Building from master sometimes fails, so I don't see anything wrong with telling users to try checking out to a stable branch to make sure the IDE is set up correctly in the troubleshooting section, to rule out everything else.

Reviewer 5: If building from master is failing, you've done something wrong. Providing a workaround for a situation that arises when the guide was not followed correctly is unhelpful.

Reviewer 3: This is going to be my last comment on this situation ***and*** pull request.

I'm not entirely sure of your history with working in opensource and collaborative projects but when 3 different maintainers ask you to not do something, you shouldn't do it. It's been noted ***by the maintainers*** that your addition is misleading/wrong and how your setup was wrong in the first place. We've been more than welcoming to your other changes but if you aren't willing to concede on this opinion, then we can just close this and move on.

This is because you do not have the [Lombok Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/6317-lombok-plugin) installed.

Navigate to the `Plugins` tab under the `File > Settings` menu (`IntelliJ IDEA > Preferences` for Mac). Click the `Marketplace` button and search for **Lombok** to find it. Install the plugin and restart IntelliJ IDEA.

> ![installing_lombok.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Finstalling_lombok.png)

Author: Nothing wrong with the old image. I scaled some screenshots down purely for keeping them all at a smaller size, the smaller detail doesn't matter in them anyways. Should I update all images with their original sizes?

> ![installing_lombok.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Finstalling_lombok.png)

Reviewer 2: This screenshot unnecessarily small, the others are fine size wise. Also your screenshot specially shows the lombok plugin already installed, which shouldn't be replacing a screenshot that shows the plugin to-be-installed, which is the point of the instruction

Success! You should no longer be getting ``Cannot resolve symbol`` or ``Cannot resolve method`` errors.

## Configuring the project

> We need to make sure that the correct SDK is selected for RuneLite. To do that go to `File > Project Structure…`

Reviewer 2: we already have a section in troubleshooting about setting up the JDK

Author: At the moment this step mandatory and I had to do it every time I set up runelite, I think it should be part of the setup steps.

Reviewer 2: If it's mandatory then the current troubleshooting section should be removed

![project_structure.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fproject_structure.png)

Go to `Project Structure > Project Settings > Project` and select Java 11 as the SDK. Then press Ok to close the window.

![select_java.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fselect_java.png)

> If you are having issues with missing JDK see [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

Reviewer 2: pointing to the existing section does not really do anything if it's exactly the same as this section

## Building the project 

RuneLite is using [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) as build tool. It is used for dependency management, resource generation, running tests and any other tooling needed to properly build, run and deploy RuneLite.

So, to actually run RuneLite, we first need to invoke Maven.

Locate *Maven* on right-side of the screen. Press on `Reload All Maven Projects`.

![reload_maven.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Freload_maven.png)

Click on `Runelite > Lifecycle` and right click `install` and press `Run Maven Build`:

![run_maven_build.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_maven_build.png)

At this point, it should start the build, which might take a while. Once the process is done, you should see a message to let you know that the build was successful:

![successful_build.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fsuccessful_build.png)

> Now, we need to tell IntelliJ to pick up changes based on Maven build (it should do that automatically, but sometimes it doesn't). `Generate Sources and Update folders for all projects`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We now need to tell IntelliJ to pick up changes based on Maven build (it should do that automatically, but sometimes it doesn't). `Generate Sources and Update folders for all projects`
```
nitpick from the old wording

![generate_sources.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Fgenerate_sources.png)

## Running the project

Now locate `Project` in sidebar and click that open project view, and expand the tree to `runelite/runelite-client/src/main/java/net/runelite/client`. 
And all you need to do now is right-click the `RuneLite` class and select `run ‘RuneLite.main()’`

![run_runelite.png](img%2Fbuilding-with-intellij%2Frun_runelite.png)

And you are done! RuneLite should open.

If you are having any issues with this step see [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.

## Conclusion

> Success! You can now rebuild RuneLite by pressing the green play button at the top right side of the IDE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Success! You can now rebuild RuneLite by pressing the green play button near the top right corner of IntelliJ.
```

```
--add-opens=java.desktop/com.apple.eawt=ALL-UNNAMED --add-opens=java.desktop/sun.awt=ALL-UNNAMED
```

## Other suggestions

> Make sure that you don't have any changes in the code and make sure to pull the lastest changes from master. Try restarting the editor. At this point if it still doesn't work, ask for help in the [Runelite Discord](https://discord.gg/runelite).

Reviewer: Can be removed. Adding bad code = build fails is too obvious. Pulling is explained in the section above, restarting won't do a whole lot.

```
--add-opens=java.desktop/com.apple.eawt=ALL-UNNAMED --add-opens=java.desktop/sun.awt=ALL-UNNAMED
```

> ### WARNING: An illegal reflective access operation has occurred

Reviewer 3: I think these can be moved directly at the end of conclusion with `<!-- omit in toc -->` with smaller headers, as it's not related to problems.
